Update trustworthy-database-property.md (#10008)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/security/trustworthy-database-property.md

The `TRUSTWORTHY` database property is used to indicate whether the instance of [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] trusts the database and the contents within it. By default, this setting is OFF, but can be set to ON by using the `ALTER DATABASE` statement. For example: `ALTER DATABASE AdventureWorks2022 SET TRUSTWORTHY ON;`.

> [!NOTE]  

> > To set this option, you must be a member of the **sysadmin** fixed server role or member of control server securable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To set this option, you must have `CONTROL SERVER` permission, or be a member of the **sysadmin** fixed server role.

```

The `TRUSTWORTHY` database property is used to indicate whether the instance of [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] trusts the database and the contents within it. By default, this setting is OFF, but can be set to ON by using the `ALTER DATABASE` statement. For example: `ALTER DATABASE AdventureWorks2022 SET TRUSTWORTHY ON;`.

> [!NOTE]  

> > To set this option, you must have `CONTROL SERVER` permission, or be a member of the **sysadmin** fixed server role.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To set this option, you must have `CONTROL SERVER` permission, or be a member of the **sysadmin** fixed server role.
```
